# has category of embodied content

⚫ [Mandatory]

## Element reference

**Definition**: Relates a manifestation to a grouping that is based on the type of content of an expression that is embodied in the manifestation.

**Scope note**:

**Domain**: Manifestation

**Range**:

**Element sub-type**:

**Element super-type**:
- has category of manifestation

## Additional information

This element is a shortcut for:

has expression embodied in manifestation [Expression] has category of content

The shortcut does not identify the expression that is embodied in the manifestation.

This element is based on the base content categories derived from the "Character", "Image Dimensionality", "Image Movement", and "Sensory Mode" attributes of the [RDA/ONIX Framework for Resource Categorization](https://www.rdatoolkit.org/archivedsite/docs/5chair10.pdf).

Consider content that is embodied in a "pop-up" card, sheet, or leaf to be three-dimensional.

Examples:
- has category of embodied content: "three-dimensional form"
  [Full example: House at Pooh Corner (1986; Methuen Children's Books; volume). The manifestation is a "pop-up book".]

For a manifestation that is an aggregate, record a has note on expression associated with manifestation element that gives information about the kinds of content that are embodied in the manifestation.

Examples:
- has note on expression associated with manifestation: "Includes colour reproductions of Magritte's works and photographs mainly of the author and his works."
  [Full example: René Magritte (2007; Taschen; volume).]
- has note on expression associated with manifestation: "Includes maps and portraits."
  [Full example: Catalogue of shipwrecked books (2018; William Collins; volume; case binding).]

For a manifestation that is an aggregate, record a quantitative value for a kind of expression that is embodied in the manifestation as a value of has extent of aggregated content.

Examples:
- has extent of aggregated content: "12 still images"
  [Full example: National parks (2015; Ziga Media, LLC; flipchart).]
- has extent of aggregated content: "15 recorded songs"
  [Full example: Stax uncovered! (2023; H Bauer Publishing Ltd; audio disc).]

*See also*: has extent of aggregated content
*See also*: has note on expression associated with manifestation

## Stipulations

Record at least one occurrence of the element.

Use the element super-type to record a less specific attribute.

Apply the stipulations for the element super-type unless indicated otherwise.

Record a value that appears in the ISBDM Category of Content value vocabulary, in the language or script of choice of the cataloguing agency.

Examples:
- has category of embodied content: "still image"
  [Full example: Pogled na Akademijin vrt (195-; Mujadžić, Omer, 1903-1991; sheet).]
- has category of embodied content: "text"
- has category of embodied content: "still image"
  [Full example: Faded map (2010; Birlinn Limited; volume; case binding).]

For a manifestation that is a collected expressions aggregate, record the value that applies to the largest number of expressions that are embodied in the manifestation.

For a manifestation that is a collected expressions aggregate, and if no one value predominates, record separate occurrences of the element for each value that applies to the larger number of expressions that are embodied in the manifestation.

For a manifestation that is an augmented expression aggregate, record the value that applies to the expression of the augmented work that is embodied in the manifestation.

Examples:
- has category of embodied content: "text"
  [Full example: Definitive guide to PSM 1 (2021; Knüeppel, Moritz; volume; perfect binding). The manifestation also embodies augmenting still images.]

For a manifestation that is a parallel expressions aggregate, record the values that apply to the expressions that are embodied in the manifestation.
